Ensure content is fresh and fix source. (#40452)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/extensions/high-performance-logging.md

The <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.LoggerMessage> class exposes functionality to create cacheable delegates that require fewer object allocations and reduced computational overhead compared to [logger extension methods](xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.LoggerExtensions), such as <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.LoggerExtensions.LogInformation%2A> and <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.LoggerExtensions.LogDebug%2A>. For high-performance logging scenarios, use the <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.LoggerMessage> pattern.

<xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.LoggerMessage> provides the following performance advantages over logger extension methods:

- Logger extension methods require "boxing" (converting) value types, such as `int`, into `object`. The <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.LoggerMessage> pattern avoids boxing by using static <xref:System.Action> fields and extension methods with strongly typed parameters.
- Logger extension methods must parse the message template (named format string) every time a log message is written. <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.LoggerMessage> only requires parsing a template once when the message is defined.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > Instead of using the [LoggerMessage class](xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.LoggerMessage) to create high-performance logs, you can use the [LoggerMessage attribute](xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.LoggerMessageAttribute) in .NET 6.0+. The `LoggerMessageAttribute` provides source-generation logging support designed to deliver a highly usable and highly performant logging solution for modern .NET applications. For more information, see [Compile-time logging source generation (.NET Fundamentals)](./logger-message-generator.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Instead of using the [LoggerMessage class](xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.LoggerMessage) to create high-performance logs, you can use the [LoggerMessage attribute](xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.LoggerMessageAttribute) in .NET 6 and later versions. The `LoggerMessageAttribute` provides source-generation logging support designed to deliver a highly usable and highly performant logging solution for modern .NET applications. For more information, see [Compile-time logging source generation (.NET Fundamentals)](./logger-message-generator.md).
```
